docs: update doc for OVMS change and benchmarking (#219)
intel-retail/automated-self-checkout: docs_src/pipelinebenchmarking.md

**_NOTE:_** Because stream density requires a continuous video stream it is recommended to use an RTSP stream, USB camera, or RealSense camera. If these options are not available you can use the [camera simulator](#appendix-benchmark-helper-scripts) to continuously loop through a video file as an RTSP stream.

---

#### Workload

> We are currently supporting 2 types of workload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently supporting 2 types of workloads:
```

    1. dlstreamer

>     2. opencv-ovms

Reviewer 2: why is it opencv-ovms ? should it be openvino-ovms ? I am assuming either pipelines would be using opencv for image processing.

Author: that's how we named the opencv-ovms workload, @jim-wang-intel do you know why we name it this way?

Reviewer: that is original name came up by Jubilee, but it is not accurate to be openvino-ovms strictly speaking as it uses opencv in some of profiles as well

Reviewer 3: Both dlstreamer and ovms use openCV and openVINO for inferencing.
The main different is the abstraction layer of how openVINO engine is used.
I would just call it: OVMS or spell it out: openVINO Model Server

Reviewer 2: I like Antonio's suggestion, just keep it as OVMS or OpenVINO Model Server.

These are the input value for `--workload` parameter for benchmark.sh script. The default value for `--workload` parameter is `dlstreamer` in case it is not provided when running benchmark.sh script.

> #### Benchmark Specified Profile for Opencv-ovms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Benchmark Specified Profile for OpenCV-OVMS
```

> For running Opencv-OVMS workload, we are supporting different programming languages and different models. You may specify [language choice](./OVMS/supportingDifferentLanguage.md) and [model input](./OVMS/supportingDifferentModel.md). Then you may **prefix** benchmark script run command with specific profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For running OpenCV-OVMS workload, we are supporting different programming languages and different models. You may specify [language choice](./OVMS/supportingDifferentLanguage.md) and [model input](./OVMS/supportingDifferentModel.md). Then you may **prefix** benchmark script run command with specific profile.
```
Follow same convention everywhere

Author: opencv-ovms all lower case to match the worload value

Reviewer 2: Keep the naming convention consistent across the documentation, don't change it.

An example of stream density benchmark script in golang:
```bash
PIPELINE_PROFILE="grpc_go" sudo -E ./benchmark.sh --stream_density 14.9 --logdir mytest/data --duration 60 --init_duration 20 --platform core --inputsrc rtsp://127.0.0.1:8554/camera_0 --workload opencv-ovms
```

An example of stream density benchmark script in python:
```bash
PIPELINE_PROFILE="grpc_python" sudo -E ./benchmark.sh --stream_density 14.9 --logdir mytest/data --duration 60 --init_duration 60 --platform core --inputsrc rtsp://127.0.0.1:8554/camera_0 --workload opencv-ovms
```

> The default value for `PIPELINE_PROFILE` is "grpc_python" in case it is not provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If value for `PIPELINE_PROFILE` is not provided, then the default value is "grpc_python".
```
